add SuppressTracing flag (#3103)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

- Extract the `Span` from a `Context` instance
- Combine the `Span` with a `Context` instance, creating a new `Context` instance
- Set a `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context` instance
- Get the value of the `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context`, returning `false`
  if undefined
- Unset the `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context` instance

The functionality listed above is necessary because API users SHOULD NOT have
access to the [Context Key](../context/README.md#create-a-key) used by the Tracing API implementation.

> The `SuppressTracing` flag is for cases, within a single service, it may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SuppressTracing` flag is for cases when, within a single service, it may be
```

- Extract the `Span` from a `Context` instance
- Combine the `Span` with a `Context` instance, creating a new `Context` instance

> - Set a `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context` instance

Reviewer 2: Is there API to read/tell whether the `SuppressTracing` flag is set or not?

Author: Hehe, somehow missed that. Thanks :) -- adding a "Get the value ..." line to the spec.

- Extract the `Span` from a `Context` instance
- Combine the `Span` with a `Context` instance, creating a new `Context` instance
- Set a `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context` instance
- Get the value of the `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context`, returning `false`
  if undefined
- Unset the `SuppressTracing` flag on a `Context` instance

The functionality listed above is necessary because API users SHOULD NOT have
access to the [Context Key](../context/README.md#create-a-key) used by the Tracing API implementation.

> The `SuppressTracing` flag is for cases it may be useful to temporarily suppress

Reviewer: I would suggest to be more explicit with the scope of this flag: 
  * to suppress tracing of the current branch of the request workflow in the current process only
  * the flag must not be propagated to downstream services and must not affect their tracing decisions

Author: Ok. Yea, I took it as implied since there is no propagator for it, but probably a good idea to make it clear here.

`IsRemote` to true on a parent `SpanContext` so `Span` creation knows if the
parent is remote.

If the [`SuppressTracing`](#suppress-tracing) `Context` flag is set then the API

> MUST return the parent Span marked as non-recording, if one exists, otherwise

Reviewer: Parent span is not an input to StartSpan, so this MUST requirement imposes the need to keep some global registry of all open spans (instead of, as more common, making it the responsibility of the code to keep reference to the current span). The only viable implementation seems to be to return a new non-recording Span with _its context set to parent context_.

Author: StartSpan takes the parent Context which has the, if there is one, parent Span.

> return an empty non-recording Span. Propagation MUST have the [Behavior of the

Reviewer: unclear what "Propagation" refers to - the actual propagation is not under the control of Tracer.StartSpan()

Author: Ah yup, I ended up deciding to remove that but forgot to actually do the removal.

`IsRemote` to true on a parent `SpanContext` so `Span` creation knows if the
parent is remote.

If the [`SuppressTracing`](#suppress-tracing) `Context` flag is set then the API

> MUST return the parent Span marked as non-recording, if one exists, otherwise
> return an empty non-recording Span.

Reviewer: > MUST return the parent Span marked as non-recording, if one exists, otherwise...

This is likely misleading. "if one exists" may be interpreted to refer to just "parent Span", not to "parent Span that is already not recording". Also, the otherwise part is underspecified because the new span must still present parent SpanContext. I would suggest

```suggestion
MUST return a non-recording Span with SpanContext equal to that of the parent Span (if one exists). If the parent Span exists and is already non-recording, it may be returned directly, as an optimization.
```

Author: Thanks, agreed this reads better.
